README.md, before:

# Week-05

### Repository Contents
This repository contains files for:
  - `/Commands`
    - `/week-05-stataExample`
      - `/CodeArchive`
        - `master.do`
      - `week-05-stataExample.txt`
    - `week-05-stataQuickRef.pdf`
  - `/ProblemSet-03`
    - `ps-03.pdf`
  - `/Slides`
    - `week-05-slides.pdf`
  - `LICENSE_CODE.md`
  - `LICENSE_TEXT.md`
  - `README.md`
  - `.gitignore`

### About Christopher Prener, PhD
[Christopher Prener](http://chrisprener.net) (Ph.D., Northeastern University, 2015) is an urban and medical sociologist with an interest in mixed methods research designs that incorporate spatial data. His dissertation examined the effect of neighborhood context and conditions on emergency medical services work, particularly with patients who have mental illnesses or substance use disorders. He is also part of a research team examining the effect of literacy on mental health service use and recovery. He is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Sociology and Anthropology at Saint Louis University. More details are available at [his website](http://www.chrisprener.net) and he can be contacted at [prenercg@slu.edu](mailto:prenercg@slu.edu).

### About SOC 5050: Quantitative Analysis
This course provides an introduction to applied statistical analysis for graduate students with an emphasis placed on statistical techniques that are most common in the sociological literature. The statistical techniques introduced include measures of central tendency and dispersion as well as measures of bivariate association. Multivariate statistical analyses are also introduced. While the examples may be specific to the social sciences, the theories and skills that are covered are broadly applicable across academic disciplines.

### About Saint Louis University
[Saint Louis University](http://wwww.slu.edu) is a Catholic, Jesuit institution that values academic excellence, life-changing research, compassionate health care, and a strong commitment to faith and service. Founded in 1818, the University fosters the intellectual and character development of more than 13,000 students on two campuses in St. Louis and Madrid, Spain. Building on a legacy of nearly 200 years, Saint Louis University continues to move forward with an unwavering commitment to a higher purpose, a greater good.

### Licenses
All code is licensed under a [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php) (see the file `LICENSE_CODE.md`). All text-based documentation and teaching materials are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) (see the file `LICENSE_TEXT.md`).

Commit message:

update readme and license information

README.md, after:

Week-05 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/slu-soc5050/Core-Documents/sources/soc5050LogoSm_v2.png" align="right" />
===========================================================

### Repository Contents
This repository contains files for:
  - `Equations/` - equation quick reference sheet
  - `Functions/` - function quick reference sheet
  - `Lab/` - lab instructions for lab-05
  - `PS-04/` - problem set 04
  - `Slides/` - slides for all lectures
  - `WeeklyPrep/` - weekly prep for week 05
  - `.gitignore`
  - `LICENSE_CODE.md`
  - `LICENSE_TEXT.md`
  - `README.md`

### About SOC 4930 & 5050: Quantitative Analysis
This course provides an introduction to applied statistical analysis with an emphasis placed on statistical techniques that are most common in the sociological literature. The statistical techniques introduced include measures of central tendency and dispersion as well as measures of bivariate association. Multivariate statistical analyses are also introduced. While the examples may be specific to the social sciences, the theories and skills that are covered are broadly applicable across academic disciplines. More details are available on the [course website](https://slu-soc5050.github.io).

### About Christopher Prener, Ph.D.
Chris is an urban and medical sociologist with an interest in mixed methods research designs that incorporate spatial data. His dissertation examined the effect of neighborhood context and conditions on emergency medical services work, particularly with patients who have mental illnesses or substance use disorders. He is also part of a research team examining the effects of literacy on mental health service use and recovery, and his student research team is documenting the effects of systemic street closures in St. Louis. He is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Sociology and Anthropology at Saint Louis University. More details are available at [his website](https://chris-prener.github.io) and he can be contacted at [chris.prener@slu.edu](mailto:chris.prener@slu.edu).

### About Saint Louis University
[Saint Louis University](http://wwww.slu.edu) is a Catholic, Jesuit institution that values academic excellence, life-changing research, compassionate health care, and a strong commitment to faith and service. Founded in 1818, the University fosters the intellectual and character development of more than 13,000 students on two campuses in St. Louis and Madrid, Spain. Building on a legacy of nearly 200 years, Saint Louis University continues to move forward with an unwavering commitment to a higher purpose, a greater good.

### License Information
All code is licensed under a [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php) (see [`LICENSE_CODE.md`](https://github.com/slu-soc5050/Week-01/blob/master/LICENSE_CODE.md)). All exercises (including labs, problem sets, weekly preps, and other activities), documentation files, and lecture slides are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/) (see [`LICENSE_CODE.md`](https://github.com/slu-soc5050/Week-01/blob/master/LICENSE_TEXT.md)).
